Werewolves
==========

Werewolves of Miller's Hollow

For our course project, we want to develop a mobile based app for the board game "The Werewolves of Miller's Hollow". Here is a brief introduction of this game. Werewolves of Miller's Hollow is a game that takes place in a small village which is haunted by werewolves. Each player is secretly assigned a role. There is also a Moderator player who controls the flow of the game. The game alternates between night and day phases. At night, the Werewolves secretly choose a Villager to kill. During the day, the Villager who was killed is revealed and is out of the game. The remaining Villagers then deliberate and vote on a player they suspect is a Werewolf, helped (or hindered) by the clues the special characters add to the general deliberation. Each side will try to kill their enemies and win. We as well as our friends are quite interested in this game as it requires many logical analysis and different roles must make the best use of their abilities to win. 

For this game, the moderator is an important role as he/she will need to memorize the roles of different players and their action, organize the game flow in the correct order and give corresponding instructions. As a result, it is a little difficult to be a good moderator without making any mistake, and the one being the moderator may find his/her work a little boring while all other players are enjoying their analysis and discussion.

Inspired by the problem we talked about above, we decide to develop a mobile app that can help to reduce the workload of the moderator by providing flows guide and instructions. All users should be able to use this app to link with each other and their actions should be synchronized to the moderator's end. The actions/status of all players will be shown on the moderators' phone, and the moderator's app will give corresponding instructions to help the moderator to reveal information and organize discussion. As the difficulty of the moderator is to organize a lot of information in an efficient way, how to design a proper UI to display this information and give the player necessary assistance would be a good topic for this course.

We plan to implement this on iOS platform. Different players will use our app and connect to the moderator's phone via Bluetooth or WiFi. Our app has two sets of UIs, one for players and one for moderators. The moderator's UI will help the moderator organize the game, suggesting next steps, providing voting interface and so on. The players' UI will display their roles, help them vote and display current status of all other players.

